Security.md, before:

# Security

## Critical Disclosures

Bugs in monero-oxide which cause a downstream project to be at risk of loss of
funds (or a similarly critical issue) are to be reported via
[monero-oxide's Bug Bounty Program](
  https://immunefi.com/bug-bounty/monero-oxide/information/
). This bug bounty was generously sponsored by
[Power Up Privacy](https://powerupprivacy.com/) who directly handles payouts.

All affected projects should be _privately_ disclosed to via their stated
disclosure method (or any private means of communication upon lack of stated
disclosure method).

All projects, including monero-oxide, should be informed of if multiple
projects were disclosed to, without permission to make a public disclosure
until all projects resolve the issue.

## DoS Disclosures

Bugs which cause panics, or a similar denial-of-service, are to be reported to
the administrators (via Matrix) and the affected downstream projects (again via
their stated disclosure methods).

A public disclosure will only occur once monero-oxide releases a fix.

## Bugs

All other bugs are to be reported via the GitHub issues of the monero-oxide
repository. If the severity of a bug is in-question, it must be treated as its
highest potential severity.

## Fallback Disclosure Timeline

Any bug within monero-oxide may be publicly disclosed three months after the
date of its responsible disclosure to the monero-oxide project, regardless of
its status. Prior to this deadline, any disclosed to party may request an
extension of up to 60 days. If the discloser agrees to that extension, they must
notify all disclosed-to parties of the new timeline and all must honor it. If
the discloser does not agree, they must explicitly inform the requester of their
disagreement.

Commit message:

Clarify alternate methods of disclosure (#162)

Security.md, after:

# Security

## Bugs Which Are Security Issues

Bugs in monero-oxide which cause a downstream project to be at risk of loss of
funds, impact users' privacy, risk a Denial of Service, or are similarly
problematic issues, should be reported via
[monero-oxide's Bug Bounty Program](
  https://immunefi.com/bug-bounty/monero-oxide/information/
). This bug bounty was generously sponsored by
[Power Up Privacy](https://powerupprivacy.com/) who directly handles payouts.
Alternatively, for users without Immunefi accounts, security issues may be
reported via [GitHub](https://github.com/monero-oxide/monero-oxide/security),
or as a manner of _least preference_, a maintainer (as listed in our
[Governance document](/Governance.md)) may be messaged over Matrix.

Public disclosure, such as opening a GitHub issue, is not responsible and
_MUST NOT_ be done. If you are struggling to make a disclosure, please ask for
help to do so (even if in a GitHub issue, if necessary) _without_ publishing
_any_ details about the intended disclosure (e.g. its estimated severity).

All affected projects should be _privately_ disclosed to via their stated
disclosure method (or any private means of communication upon lack of stated
disclosure method).

All projects, including monero-oxide, should be informed of if multiple
projects were disclosed to, without permission to make a public disclosure
until all projects resolve the issue.

## Bugs Which Aren't Security Issues

Bugs without a impact to the project's security, nor a reasonable consumer's
security, should be reported via
[monero-oxide's GitHub issues](
  https://github.com/monero-oxide/monero-oxide/issues
). If you're unsure if a bug impacts security, or to what degree it does, it
must be treated as having its highest potential severity.

## Fallback Disclosure Timeline

Any bug within monero-oxide may be publicly disclosed three months after the
date of its responsible disclosure to the monero-oxide project, regardless of
its status. Prior to this deadline, any disclosed-to party may request an
extension of up to 60 days. If the discloser agrees to that extension, they must
notify all disclosed-to parties of the new timeline and all must honor it. If
the discloser does not agree, they must explicitly inform the requester of their
disagreement.
